hi redirect color log actually asked how
would one paint Homer Simpson Homer
Simpson is a cartoon and so we will try
doing the artwork as a cell style
shading so I fire up the game and I
start and you add a new layer actually a
rough sketch layer so once I have that I
start blocking out the rough shapes of
Homer Simpson he's got like a
cylindrical head let me do that
like it's got a pretty blocked out jaw
area
and he always wears a white shirt so let
me
that move on
little bit of his hand this does not
look right that is the reason we are
actually sketching this so that we get
the basic shapes right before we
actually spend time on creating a neat
line art you don't want to be doing
spending some effort into creating a
line art and then how to delete it later
there and his ears is quite simple just
an old shape there he's just got two
strands of her at the top of his head
and M shaped bunch of has had his ear
let me finish of his mouth
okay now that i'm done with the basic
sketch here what i do is i create
another layer over the sketch layer car
and call it lineart the sketch layer I
make it about transparent just make
thirty percent of its show so on the
lineart layer what I do is before they
start drawing clean line art I since
it's a cartoon I switch off the obesity
in the pressure sensitivity settings of
the tablet after that you just check
that yep that looks good okay
now here I am using the underneath
sketch layer using that as a guide and
drawing my line art
now because I've already sketched out
the major proportion I needn't worry
about it going off proportions when I
focus on the details there we go
and
the
the neck the color of shirt
a little bit of his shoulders what I
really like to do with liners is make
their outer edges fatter than the inner
ones that it kind of pops out
there we go
I see you can notice that it's sort of
pops out is quite pleasant
this eyeballs and before I forget let me
put all the strands of hair
and there we have it Oh next we'll look
at how we color Homer Simpson so before
I do that let me just save it so that I
don't lose my work